Item List
  Uno, Mini USB cable, Computer, Breadboard, LM35 temperature sensor
  and 3 Jumper Cables

Background
  LM35 Temperature sensor will output .01V per degree Centigrade on the Vo pin
  Use ADC on the UNO to measure that voltage
    ADC on UNO will read any voltage from GND to VCC (5v) and convert to a digital number
  10 bit value proportional to the voltage applied
  Formula
    V=(ADC/1023)*VCC
      ADC is ADC value read
      VCC is the supply voltage(5v)
      V is the voltage applied to the ADC pin
    Convert Voltage to degrees Centigrade (LM35 output .01V per degree Centrigrade)
      dC = V *100
      V is the voltage on the Vo pin of the LM35 sensor
      dC is degrees Centigrade
    Combine the two equations by subing in V
    dC=(ADC/1023)*VCC*100
    dC=(ADC/1023)*500
      VCC=5

Diagram
  Connect the LM35 temperature sensor to 5v, gnd and A0 on the Uno
  Red Jumper Cable from left prong of L35 to 5V
  Black Jumper Cable from right prong of L35 to GND
  White Jumper Cable from middle prong of L35 to A0
  Check figure 1

Upload the sketch to Uno and then go to Tools Serial Monitor
Add Fahrenheit conversion around line 36
Check Figure 2

Questions:
  What does a breadboard do?
    A breadboard is a rectangular board with many mounting holes.
      They are used for creating electrical connections between electronic components and single board computers or microcontrollers such as Arduino and Raspberry Pi.
    The vertical columns of the breadboard are called terminals, while the horizontal long rows are called power rails because they are mostly used to connect the power supply to the breadboard. 
    The positive rails are indicated by red lines, while the negative rails are indicated by black ones.
    Breadboards are a soderless way to test a circuit (help you connect components to complete your basic circuit).

  Does the color matter for jumper cables?
    No, all jumper wires are the same. Advise use one set for positive connections and one set for negative connections.
  
  What is A0?
    An analog input pin

  What is GND?
    Negative of the Power supply.

